Now tankers on 4 in this video I
I'll tell you how I change this
texture usual
workbench here we see it is normal so
go to the folder minekravt folder
maynkavt while closing the Samhain craft
here we see the folder bin zu hause butterfly
see the minkravt jar file
and open but with the help of true win rar
archive here because you can change
texture mobs picture of armor
blocks well in this video i will tell you
only how to change blocks
texture blocks on about here
you can still block things so the action on
English but workbenches know exactly what
is at the very bottom here it is here
position it on top and see on top
bottom and side
we go over the top at the beginning you will change
open with paint you bring closer
buttons contour and wheel we bring closer
let's take this for example
the thickness here is this some kind of color
red and fill- let's
and on the well here is such a rim of us
it is red then red will
General it does not matter let's poke yellow
and here you can eat green
take for example you can do the texture
for their cards to hide some
blocks or something merged for example and
here to give them no such here
purple do and such here such
us workbench will be such a top view
give up still in
and try to draw such black lines
what book wait
we draw such black lines
like let's start saving close
her here update her in the archive norman yes
now perhaps meat on top also we can
change it
from the side let's not change you much
just draw here such strips diesel
no he will save
yes yes yes yes yes save it open
here in paint we bring children closer
will give the same color or not cool
I know that even grandfather save and all
Now we close well this archive and this is the tone
and close we go in and now we don't
we go to our maykravt
anyway this license is not license everywhere
it changes no difference what version
and it does not affect anything we go single
player and go into our world that we see
our seats changed its texture to that
which we generally fill
since the block is very cheerful now
it can be seen that the hole is a window in the sense
Well, dear friends, from our texture
I'll throw your disc 4 soldered subscribe
put likes on my channel
farther